Ch # 2
----------------------------------------------

Docker Resource 

# Install Docker Engine on Ubuntu
https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/

# docker build
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/

# Dockerfile reference
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/



Kubernetes Resouce 

# Jobs
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/

# Cron Jobs
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/

# Patterns for Composite Containers
https://kubernetes.io/blog/2015/06/the-distributed-system-toolkit-patterns/

# Resource sharing and communication
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/#resource-sharing-and-communication

# Communicate Between Containers in the Same Pod Using a Shared Volume
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/communicate-containers-same-pod-shared-volume/


# Init Containers
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/

# Volumes
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/

# Persistent Volumes
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/



# ch 3
-------------------------------------------------------------

# Deployments
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/

# Updating a Deployment  
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#updating-a-deployment

# Service
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/


# Installing Helm
https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/


# Quickstart Guide
https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/

# Ch 4
-----------------------------------------------

# Kubernetes Deprecation Policy
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/

# Deprecated API Migration Guide
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/

# Configure Liveness, Readiness and Startup Probes
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/

# Resource metrics pipeline
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/resource-metrics-pipeline/

# Tools for Monitoring Resources
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/resource-usage-monitoring/

# GIT
https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server.git

# Logging Architecture
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/

# Debug Pods
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-pods/

# Debug Running Pods
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-running-pod/

# Monitoring, Logging, and Debugging
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/


# Ch 5
-------------------------------------------------------------

# Extend the Kubernetes API with CustomResourceDefinitions
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/

# Custom Resources
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/

# Configure Service Accounts for Pods
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/

# Managing Service Accounts
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/service-accounts-admin/

# Using RBAC Authorization
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/

# Authenticating
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/

# Controlling Access to the Kubernetes API
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/controlling-access/

# Using RBAC Authorization
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/

# Admission Controllers Reference
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/

# A Guide to Kubernetes Admission Controllers
https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/03/21/a-guide-to-kubernetes-admission-controllers/

# Resource Management for Pods and Containers
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

# Assign CPU Resources to Containers and Pods
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/

# Resource Quotas
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/

# ConfigMaps
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/

# Secrets
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/

# Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/

# Ch 6
-------------------------------------------------

# Network Policies
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/

# Cluster Networking
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/

# Service
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

# Ingress
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/






















